c:\users\eduar\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
c:\users\eduar\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
c:\users\eduar\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
c:\users\eduar\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eduar\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form1.resources
c:\users\eduar\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\eduar\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\eduar\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
c:\users\eduar\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Escritorio\imagenes\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Escritorio\imagenes\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Escritorio\imagenes\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form1.resources
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\darka\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Escritorio\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Escritorio\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Escritorio\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Escritorio\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Escritorio\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Escritorio\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Escritorio\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Escritorio\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Escritorio\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ejercicios\unidad 1\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ejercicios\unidad 1\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\Eduar\OneDrive\Documentos\GitHub\ejercicios\unidad 1\Ejercicios_1.2-Sagundo\Ejericio5\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
